= Digitization Locker

Digitization Locker is a demonstration project for streamlining digitization
workflows using a microservices approach. 

== The Story

The basic idea is that there is a space where TIFs can be dropped
from scanning workstations. This directory is called the locker. When a file
has been stable in the locker for a number of checks, then it is moved into
the holding area. Every night the files in the holding area are processed.

== Processing the Holding Tank

Processing of files currently involves:

1. Moving the master into archival storage in a pairtree.
2. Creating a stub metadata record.
3. If the files are {mead}[https://github.com/jronallo/mead] identifiers 
   and the EAD XML is accessible, then stub descriptive metadata in the form
   of a title is added.
4. Creation of a JPG access derivative which is placed in a separate
   pairtree from access copies.
5. Indexing the title and filename to Solr.
  

== Try it out in development

- rake sunspot:solr:start
- rails server
- place TIF and JPEGs in tmp/development_locker. For this example use the two sample images see spec/images
- visit http://localhost:3000/locker
- rake locker:watch # => this will update the stable counter once
- rake locker:watch # => and again until it is no longer in the locker
- reload http://localhost:3000/locker
- visit http://localhost:3000/tank
- rake locker:process
- reload http://localhost:3000/tank
- visit http://localhost:3000/resources
- search for "Amos"
  
  
== Configuration
  
Many of the options are configurable. See config/app_config.yml.
  

== TODO
  
1. Make default values for all configuration options.
2. Add checksumming and insure all file moves are checksummed.
3. Cache EAD XML for subsequent requests for automated metadata extraction.
  
== Author

Jason Ronallo

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 North Carolina State University. See LICENSE for details.
